README.md, before:

# Coding Club RPG game
This project is for CHCI's coding club (2022-2023). Our goal is to create an RPG within pygame that can run on replit.

# About the game
### Plot
Scotty has been kidnapped! Form a team of adventurers, face your fears, and save Scotty.
#### Diverse areas
Explore the many lands as you take on the evil influences plaguing them.
#### A Colourful Cast
Meet many characters, talk with them, and help them out! Some of them might even join you!
## Gameplay
Explore a top-down 2D world, reminiscent of games like Final Fantasy I and Breath of Fire. 
#### Classes
Play how you want - choose one of seven playable classes: art, science, math, psychology, history, english, and languages. Each one plays differently, so combine their abilities for great strength!
#### Equipment
As you progress through your journey, you'll find many different equipment pieces that you can use. You'll also find Enchantment Templates to make them even stronger!
### Battles
#### Electrifying Turn-based Action
Battles are fought at your own pace - no need to stress!
#### Haunting Foes
Battle against a diverse cast of foes, from the lowly [INSERT WEAK ENEMY] to the mighty [INSERT STRONG ENEMY].
#### Action Commands
Always be right in the action when you or the enemies act with Action Commands. Press the right buttons, hold others, and more to deal more damage, activate extra effects, and take less damage!

Commit message:

Update README.md with future image guidelines

README.md, after:

# Coding Club RPG game
This project is for CHCI's coding club (2022-2023). Our goal is to create an RPG within pygame that can run on replit.

# About the game
### Plot
[Image: Shot from the kidnapping cutscene]
Scotty has been kidnapped! Form a team of adventurers, face your fears, and save Scotty.
#### Diverse areas
[Image: 4-panel split showing 4 different areas]
Explore the many lands as you take on the evil influences plaguing them.
#### A Colourful Cast
[Image: Either art of some characters, or GIF of dialogue]
Meet many characters, talk with them, and help them out! Some of them might even join you!
## Gameplay
[Image: Either static or GIF showing party on the map]
Explore a top-down 2D world, reminiscent of games like Final Fantasy I and Breath of Fire. 
#### Classes
[Image: 7 Class icons, arranged in a heptagon]
Play how you want - choose one of seven playable classes: art, science, math, psychology, history, english, and languages. Each one plays differently, so combine their abilities for great strength!
#### Equipment
[Image: GIF of selecting equipment, finding an enchanting template, and enchanting equipment]
As you progress through your journey, you'll find many different equipment pieces that you can use. You'll also find Enchantment Templates to make them even stronger!
### Battles
#### Electrifying Turn-based Action
[Image: Fight/Spell/Item/Run menu, in a battle with enemies]
Battles are fought at your own pace - no need to stress!
#### Haunting Foes
[Image: Split showing different enemies]
Battle against a diverse cast of foes, from the lowly [INSERT WEAK ENEMY] to the mighty [INSERT STRONG ENEMY].
#### Action Commands
[Image: GIF of a couple action commands]
Always be right in the action when you or the enemies act with Action Commands. Press the right buttons, hold others, and more to deal more damage, activate extra effects, and take less damage!
